Improve documentation rebased (#7185)
dgraph-io/dgraph: wiki/content/query-language/schema.md

For existing data, Dgraph computes all reverse edges.  For data added after the schema mutation, Dgraph computes and stores the reverse edge for each added triple.

```
type Person {
  name string
}
type Car {
  regnbr string
  owner Person
}
owner uid @reverse .
regnbr string @index(exact) .
name string @index(exact) .
```

> Makes it possible to query Persons and their cars by using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes it possible to query Persons and their cars by using:
```

```
q(func type(Person)) {
  name
  ~owner { name }
}
```

> And to get a different key than `~owner` in the result, the query can be written with the wanted label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a different key than `~owner` in the result, the query can be written with the wanted label
```

(`cars` in this case):

```
q(func type(Person)) {
  name
  cars: ~owner { name }
}
```

> This also works if there can be multiple "owners" of a car:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also works if there can be multiple "owners" of a `car`:
```

> This also works if there can be multiple "owners" of a `car`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also works if there are multiple "owners" of a `car`:
```

```
owner [uid] @reverse .
```

> In both cases the `owner` edge should be set on the Car:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In both cases the `owner` edge should be set on the `Car`:
```
